[BFD-866] Modify CCW load fix-up to use combination of shell and stored function to mitigate out-of-memory issue" (#605)
CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data: apps/bfd-model/bfd-model-rif/src/main/resources/db/scripts/BFD-766-fix-beneficiary-monthly-data/Playbook.txt

Q. What happens if Step 6 fails?

>    Step 6 can be run multiple times; it is effectively running an idempotent UPDATE so
>    re-running would simply update data with the same data as a previous run.

Reviewer: It's technically not idempotent anymore.
```suggestion
   Step 6 can be run multiple times; it will pick back up where it left off.
```

Author: Good point...we'd have to reload the CCW temp table with the csv file(s)..
